Q. Show that $\sqrt{5} + \sqrt{6} + ... + \sqrt{13}$ -> Integer part of this is 26 without
actually approximating the terms. 

Ans : What we get immediate after looking at -> without approximating the terms. 
We have to somehow through inequality prove it lies within 26 and 27. 
That's our best bet. 


Let's go with it. 
Immediately many would notice patter 5 + 13 = 6 + 12 = ... This relationship. 
We will be exploiting this behaviour. 

Let's start with grouping them together.

$(\sqrt{5} + \sqrt{13}) + (\sqrt{12} + \sqrt{6}) + ... 3$

So, finally we will like to know what goes here 

$\sqrt{(\sqrt{5} + \sqrt{13})^2}$

So, we can say -> $\sqrt{(18 + 2\sqrt{65})} \leq \sqrt{36} \leq 6$ 

Similarly for each pair we can show the same and finally amass the sum -> $6*4 = 24$

Then we have -> Our sum let's denote $S \leq 24 + 3 \leq 27$

Now, we would also want to show :  $S \geq 26$ 

Which seems hard at first glance, But let's look at this once with the same light. We have same pairings but 
instead of taking least thing we will do reverse, we will take largest possible value coming from each sqrt. 

ex. $\sqrt{18 + 2\sqrt{65}} \geq \sqrt{ 18 + 2 * 8}$

Also to have: $S \geq 26$ 

Sum of pairs of those other square roots other than $\sqrt{9}$ denote it as S1 -> $S = S1 + 3$

So, we have $S1 \geq 23$
let's denote each sum pair as: S2

Then $S2 = S1 / 4 = 23 / 4$

We want to show that $S2 \geq 23 / 4$
And we have :  $\sqrt{18 + 2\sqrt{65}} \geq \sqrt{ 18 + 2 * 8} \geq \sqrt{18 + 2 * 8} \geq \sqrt{34}$ 

So, finally what we want to show that this upper limit $\sqrt{34} \geq 23 / 4$

Just square on both sides and trust me you will not be disappointed.
